>> LILOU: Hello, my
juicy co-creators.
Lilou here.
I'm on the road in
London in England.
Very, very special people here.
I know that you spent
quite some time in Majorca,
but you're British too,
originally, aren't you Serge?
>> SERGE OBOLENSKY
BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
I'm British, but I have a German
father and a Russian mother.
She came over at the revolution.
So I'm a mongrel a mongrel,
and I like mongrels.
I'm a mixture of everything.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
I'm thrilled to have this
conversation with you,
because it's probably one of
my favorite topics, the heart.
You're the author of
"Awakening the Universal
Heart, a Guide to
Spiritual Activism."
So we're going to speak
of spirituality, activism,
healing, opening the heart,
living fully in the heart.
Oh my god, isn't that
the most important thing
to not even think of
but be in these days?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well,
I guess we've got to be
in the heart.
Because I think to be
an activist, Lilou,
we've got to feel things deeply.
We've got to feel the
pain of the planet.
We've got to care about what
happens to people the other end
of the world whom we don't know.
And we've just seen
with Nelson Mandela what
is the most remarkable
thing about him
is that he was totally
a man of the heart.
I think that he
embodies the courage
of the heart, the wisdom
of the heart, the love,
and the forgiveness.
And this guy forgave
the white people.
He forgave his prisoners.
And there was a
gentleness and goodness.
And for me, this man sums
up the power of the heart,
that all the great
men in history who've
made a difference-- and
interesting so many of them
have been black,
Martin Luther King--
they've been men
and women of heart.
So we need heart in the world.
And the problem is
that too many of us
only live up here in our minds.
We think things out.
We're rational.
We rationalize.
We make everything abstract.
We know about what
is wrong with what
is happening on the planet,
but we don't live with heart,
so we live as part of
the problems of the world
not part of the solutions.
Because only with heart are
we going to put ourselves out
to make a difference.
>> LILOU: Because as long
as we're in fear mode,
we are thinking of
our own little selves,
and we can't really be spiritual
activist or take decisions
or even have the creativity
to really be there and help.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Yeah, exactly.
I think that the problem
in the world, Lilou,
is the level of consciousness,
is that what differentiates
us is not that you're
French and I'm English,
or if you were black and I
was white, or you were rich
and I am poor.
What differentiates us is
levels of consciousness.
And you can have men who
are very, very clever,
they have two PhDs, but at a
morality level, at a goodness
level, at an ethical level,
the intelligence is very low.
So these men may be in high
positions in the world,
but they're going to abuse power
because they haven't awoken
the intelligence of the heart.
Because inside our
hearts is a brain.
And if we can link our
heads and our hearts,
then we are in
touch with a wisdom
where we're connected
with a sort of larger
picture of what's
happening in the world.
>> LILOU: Tell us more about
that intelligence of the heart.
And how can that be awakened?
What are the different
steps that you have seen?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well,
I teach spiritual retreats
to help awaken it.
I work with businesses to help
awaken the corporate heart,
very important in business.
If a CEO has a
compassionate heart,
he can make a hell of
a lot of difference
because he has millions
and millions of pounds
at his disposal.
Well, the intelligence
of the heart
is really a sense of being
part of the flow of evolution.
Just before this
interview started,
we were both saying that the
only thing that we can do
is what we need to do is
what our hearts tell us,
to follow our heart.
And that is the intelligence.
If we listen to
our hearts, we know
how to do things
in the right way.
If I listen to my heart, I
know how to relate to you.
As you listen to your heart,
Lilou, you sense me out.
Your heart comes out towards
me, and you sense me,
and we both sort of tune
into each other's vibrations.
So there's always a meeting.
So when I meet
people of heart, I
may never have met them before.
They may be a completely
different race or religion
or culture, but we
share the common ground
because there's the recognition
of each other's humanity.
And I was just at
Kuala Lumpur Airport
going to see my
daughter in New Zealand.
And I talked to a man
who was from at the foot
of the Himalayas, in that part.
It'll come.
And after one minute, we
spoke the same language,
and we just loved each
other, because there
was a kind of connection
that we knew each other.
I felt I was speaking to a
part of myself and he to me.
And we'd just met
at the airport.
But I think that the
intelligence of the heart
is that we experience that
part of ourselves, Lilou,
that is universal.
So examples of this happening--
>> LILOU: It's like one heart,
one heart for all of us that
were connected to.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Yeah.
Do you remember the time
of that first big tsunami?
This crisis awoke people.
And even poor people in
the streets in England
who were street people were
giving what little money
they had to feed their brothers
and sisters at the other end
of the world who'd been
devastated by that tidal wave.
So when the heart
awakens, it doesn't
matter what religion we
are, what class we are.
But we find a caring for
our fellow human beings,
even if we've never met them.
And so if we care, we
want to do something.
And most people only care
for their own family,
so their heart is restricted
to a personal level.
Oh, yes, I've got to look
after my family, my children.
That is good.
We need to have
heart for our family.
But we need to have heart
for the larger human family,
because we're part
of a bigger family.
>> LILOU: And we have
the capacity to do so.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
And we have the capacity.
But we've got to
awaken that capacity.
And that capacity does
not happen naturally.
Like a tree from a seed,
it grows into an oak tree.
We become a human being.
But if we want to
be fully human,
we have to work at
awakening that capacity.
And I suppose my life has
been devoted to helping people
in businesses, my clients
in psychotherapy, people who
come to my groups
to awaken the heart.
And we need to do things.
We need to work at it.
Most of us are used
to only going out
to work to earn
our outer living.
But I say we need to
earn our inner living.
We need to go into work.
There's another kind of work.
So it's working to
develop ourselves.
It's working to heal
the wounds of the heart.
Because all of us
come in with wounds.
>> LILOU: Do we really come in?
Or as we grow up that's
when the wounds come in?
Or do we already have
those wounds when
we come into our bodies?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well, I
feel there's all sources that
we come in.
I'm trained as a
past life therapist.
Whether or not one believes in
past lives, it doesn't matter.
Because you just interviewed
Rupert Sheldrake, and he
has his morphic genetic
theory that we're all
sort of connected.
But basically, I feel that the
heart of humanity is wounded.
And as we're part
of humanity, we
come in with a species
wounding as well as
with our own personal wounds.
So you and I, Lilou, we both
hold the wounds of humanity.
And I had a very
interesting experience
at the time of
Princess Diana's death.
My mother had just died
earlier, and she looked a little
like her when she was young.
And she was also a princess,
so there was a connection there
that was interesting.
And I got caught into that whole
Diana thing of sort of mourning
for Princess Diana.
Then I got into mourning
my mother's death.
And then I suddenly felt myself
taking on the pain of women.
And I thought this is
weird, because I'm a man.
But then I thought a lot of my
clients in therapy are women.
And there I was, I was suddenly
feeling the pain of women who'd
been abused and raped
and murdered and taken
as second class citizens, and
I went into this painful place.
And I realized this
is not my stuff.
This is something
bigger than me.
Why am I going through this?
I asked my heart, look, why
am I going through this pain?
And my heart said,
look, this is part
of your bequeathment
in this life.
You've got to do some healing
for the feminine heart,
because as a man you hold
a male and a female part.
So I allowed this
grieving for womankind,
and it sort of
lasted about a week.
And at the end of it,
I felt so liberated,
as if in doing some
grieving and healing
for the collective
female wounded heart
I'd also done something
to heal my own heart.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
That is so powerful.
And at the same time, we
feel sometimes limited.
And it goes back
to our beingness
and us being human being.
And where do we take it
from us to the world?
Because it seems
so big and so huge.
And it's like some people
are trying to get out of
and were trying to get
out of those human schemas
and those human wounds already.
So it's like, oh
my god, not only
do we need to take
our own wounds
but all the wounds
of the planet.
Is that quicker?
How can we take that on?
Does that mean by taking that
on we're going to heal our own?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Well, I always think that
there's a connection between
the part and the whole,
that every part
contains the whole,
and the whole is made
up of many parts.
So at this moment
we are connected.
So if something
goes on between us,
who knows if it's your
wound or my wound?
So at the one hand,
the world of the heart
is a world of mystery.
But at the other
hand, it's a world
that, if we open to
our hearts, our hearts
have the great capacity to
heal even if they're wounded.
So I think we all come
in with a wounded heart.
And it may be past incarnations.
We may have had a
difficult birth.
It may be we're holding the
wounds of our ancestors.
I've had to work through quite
a lot of ancestral trauma.
My mother was born in
the Russian Revolution,
and she escaped the revolution,
and they lost everything.
And my grandparents escaped,
and there was trauma.
I felt I'd inherited
that trauma.
My father was in the first
World War and was blown up,
and his twin was blown
up in front of him.
I felt I inherited
these traumas.
And my parents didn't
know how to resolve them,
so I had to work them through.
So I feel that there's
lots of wounding.
And the reason I think why
it's so difficult to make
things work in the world
is because we're always
bumping up against
our old wounds.
And we have to heal
these wounds before we
can go on and move forward.
And what is so
interesting, I think
what's happening in the
world at the moment, Lilou,
is it's so transparent.
The wounds are coming up.
You can't hide the
dishonesty of politicians,
the dishonesty of banks, selling
us products that we don't need,
the dishonestly
of the dictators,
the dishonesty of the foreign
policy of kind of backing
dictators and thinking that
it'll get rid of terrorism.
All these evils and
dishonesties are coming up
so we can see them
and deal with them,
and the place that we deal
with them is inside our hearts.
And I think we're challenged
to take the pain of the world
into our hearts,
Lilou, so then we
can move it up and transform it.
>> LILOU: How do we do that?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Well, the heart knows.
I don't know, but I think -- I
wrote in my book the heart is
our inner alchemist.
The heart knows how to heal.
The heart knows how
to resolve conflicts.
The heart knows how to
bring darkness into light.
bring love or courage in.
And the heart has
its own wisdom.
Because the heart, I
suppose, is that place where
the divine lives,
where god lives.
So the heart is another
word, if you like, for god.
But one doesn't want to be too
religious, because then one
gets sort of caught up
in, well, I believe this,
or I believe that.
But the heart, as the
great Pierre Teilhard de
Chardin said, there's more
power inside the awakened heart
than inside the atomic bomb,
and that's a profound remark.
So here's this inner
weapon, and this book
is about how we can use this
inner weapon and awaken it.
And only then can we
truly be an activist,
because we're in touch
with our greatest weapon.
That's the weapon
of healing and doing
good and goodness in the world.
I call it our greatest
weapon of self-construction.
>> LILOU: We hear a lot of
the Ho'oponopono and the
forgiveness and
forgiving another person,
forgiving knowing that we're
all interconnected, forgiving.
Is that part of the
work that is here to do?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: I've got
a chapter in the book called
"Awakening the Heart
of Forgiveness."
And I think we've
got to forgive.
And it's very difficult,
because our egos don't want to.
So if we've been
in a relationship
and you left me and
I'm angry, that anger's
going to sort of go on there.
And I'm always going to
feel frustrated and unhappy,
and I'll be projecting
negative energy onto you.
So neither of us will be able
to get on with our lives.
So the only way of healing that
is I have to let go and forgive
and open up that space and
take you into my heart,
because that's what
forgiveness is.
We have to forgive our enemies.
And that's what, again, what
Nelson Mandela showed us.
And if he can forgive
those prisoners...
those people who
jailed him-- I think
it was 27 years in
prison-- then it just
shows us what we need to do.
And I think that unless
forgiveness happens
between the Israelis
and the Palestinians
or between the
Serbs and the Croats
or between all these tribes,
there will always be fighting.
Because a lot of the
turmoil in the world
is old tribal memories
of hatred and anger.
I have a little theory that
a lot of the reason why
the Muslims are so angry with us
is because maybe-- this is just
sort of maybe.
I'm not saying it is--
because maybe they were --
we have reincarnated as the
Christians in the Crusades who
killed all those Muslims in the
Crusades in the name of Christ.
So they're wanting to blow
us up in return because it's
an unresolved trauma
that continues
in the species' wounded heart.
>> LILOU: For people
like Caroline Myss,
it's the same old, same old,
and we're not really evolving,
and nothing is really changing.
I love her brutal honesty on
how she, personally, that's
how she sees it.
And though she brings
elements and components
of the human spirit and
how we can-- but for her,
nothing has really changed.
Do you think?
And a lot of other
people on this planet
say, no, no, things
are really changing.
Where are we at right
now with all this?
And how can it really
change this time
to really bring back
a love revolution
or a spiritual
activist revolution
in this world that will
totally transform this planet?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Well, I think, Lilou,
that there are many incredible
people whom we don't know
of who work behind the lines
in every country, brave,
beautiful, committed souls who
are doing incredible things
in their country who are not
reported because they're not
glamorous or famous,
they're not Bono or--
>> LILOU: Mother Teresa.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Yeah.
They're not the superstars.
And so I feel that,
underneath the surface,
an incredible amount
of goodness is going on
and that things are
changing, but we're not
seeing the effects.
What I find interesting
is that we always
have two prophecies going
on at the same time.
One prophecy is it's
all going to be fine.
We're moving into
a golden new age,
and all the evil is
going to dissolve,
and it'll be wonderful.
We'll wake up,
and love and peace
will be restored on the planet.
And the others say,
no, it's getting worse.
We've gone past the
point of no return.
There's no hope.
Let's give up.
And I think it's good that
we have these two balances.
Because if we only
believed, well,
it's all, sort of,
wonderful, we'd all sit back,
and we wouldn't do anything.
But if we only believed that
it was at the end of everything
and the human experiment
was going to give in
and we'd all die,
then we'd give up.
So we need to sort
of have people
who have a positive
message and those
who have a negative message.
I mean, what my
message in my book
is I feel that
only through crisis
are we really going to wake up.
The spiritual teacher
Gurdjieff said
man is so unconscious that
unless he's touched by a crisis
bigger than the
sum of his inertia,
he's not going to wake up.
If I look at my own life,
I've had a lot of crises,
and they've woken me up.
And I'm grateful,
because I think
that I wouldn't have
made certain changes if I
hadn't had crises.
And I'm sure it's
the same with you,
that what has brought
you into this world
I'm sure is that you've had
crises and traumas and pain.
And so you've said,
well, I'm going
to wake up and help
other people to wake up.
So I feel that at some
point we may-- well,
I'll put it like this.
I think the system is
totally dysfunctional,
and the system is what holds
everything together, the fact
that three quarter of the
world is starving, that there's
dictatorships, that there's
totalitarian regimes,
there's corruption in
business and politics.
That there's a battle
between the old system that
wants to stay as it is,
that it doesn't want to die,
and the new world that
is trying to be born.
And there's the clash.
This is the clash
of civilizations,
a new civilization that you
and I are trying to belong to
and trying to create, you
with your wonderful work
of interviewing people.
And there's the
old hardliners who
want the old order,
who don't want
to give up their
power and influence.
And they're in politics.
They're in business.
They're everywhere.
They're in the church.
And I think at
some point there is
going to be a crisis that
is going to involve us all.
And I think that those of
us who are ready for it
are going to be able
to ride this tidal wave
and are going to move
into a new place.
And those of us who
still are trying
to hold onto the old values
that are wanting to die
and no longer
working, I think life
is going to be
difficult for them.
So I think that we need to be
very flexible and very prepared
for change.
And again, it's the
heart that will help us.
It's really interesting.
On the way here,
I was driven here
by this quite fanatical
Muslim taxi driver.
But he was a lovely man.
And he was talking about
how he had five children
and he was so happy in his life.
And he didn't want
more money, and he
tried to do everything honestly.
And I felt this is a happy man.
He doesn't want more money.
He's happy driving the taxi,
being gracious and kind
to the people he
drove there, trying
to instill his Islamic
beliefs into me.
And I was touched, and I felt
this is one of the new people.
Because if our hearts
open, then we automatically
become connected to the new
wave that is trying to be born.
>> LILOU: So is it a matter of
when we're in those situations
or in life or when we encounter
a challenge or a problem
or a different perception or a
different perspective on life
or religious belief
or challenge,
deep challenge or money
challenge or work challenge,
what do we do with the stuff
that comes up, the emotions,
the wounds?
Do we take it in our hearts?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
What do you do, Lilou?
I'm going to put it back
to you for a second,
and then I'll say.
What do you do?
>> LILOU:
[GROWLING AND BABBLING] No.
I used to react really, really
like that, all over the place.
And I'm very
passionate and French.
We have this thing about--
But this doesn't no longer
serve me anymore.
So I'm wondering what
your perception--
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well,
life is about light and dark
and good and evil
and pain and joy.
And pain and joy are very close.
And I guess in my life when
pain visits me in a crisis,
I guess while my old self
wants to fight it and blame
other people and say, oh,
well, it's this, and it's that,
and if only this had
happened, at another level
I need to take it into my
heart and breathe with it
and sit with it and meditate.
And then I find that
my heart can give me
a different perspective.
I had a difficult situation
with a certain person
over the last few years, and
initially I felt so outraged.
And then when I would
take it into my heart,
I got the message this
person is your greatest guru.
They've come to teach
you forgiveness.
They've come to teach you to
not respond at the level that
they're-- to try to respond
with kindness, so be grateful.
And then suddenly
I could see it from
that different perspective.
It changed.
So now when they come into
my life in a difficult way,
I'm grateful.
I say-- I don't say
it to them, but I
say it to myself-- well,
thank you for being there.
I need to learn
patience and courage,
and it's going to try to make me
a slightly better human being.
Because that's the journey.
We're trying to become
better human beings or more
fully human.
Jean Houston made a remark.
We're all born
Stradivariuses but brought up
to believe, Lilou, that
we're plastic fiddles.
And it's giving up
being a plastic fiddle.
It's trying to move to a
new level of consciousness.
It's trying to open our hearts
and our minds to see the world
and to be in the
world and to operate
in the world in a new way.
And that's the way
that we're an activist.
Andrew Harvey, who--
>> LILOU: I had the delicious
pleasure to meet as well.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Yeah?
>> LILOU: Yes, through
Caroline, because their friends,
Caroline Myss and him?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Yeah.
>> LILOU: He speaks also
of spiritual activism.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Yeah.
And he calls it sacred activism.
And he has this nice definition.
He says the sacred activist is
the person whose heart burns
with the desire to know
who they are and burns also
with the flame of making
a difference in the world,
of trying to sort
of heal society.
And so there's two
flames, the flames
that we want to know
who we are and the flame
of wanting to create
a better society.
And I kind of like
that definition.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
Because there's the balance,
then, between the person too.
Because, otherwise,
it feels sometimes
that we have to be selfless
and we have to just purely
devote our life to the
challenges in the world.
But this is not what we're
called to do in this lifetime,
I feel.
We have to find
that right balance
between honoring who
we are here on Earth
and being here to help
and support others.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: And
if I'm unhappy in my life,
if my relationships don't
work, if I deprive myself,
I am going to operate out
of a space of emptiness.
I'm not going to be happy.
But if my personal
life can be full,
then my impersonal
or transpersonal life
has much more energy in it.
And I think that the
art for all of us
is to try to integrate
these two areas of our life,
our personal life, where
we want to do well and be
successful and function and
have happiness in our life,
and our impersonal life where
we want to make a difference.
And we can't sacrifice
the personal life,
but we need to align
our personal life
to our impersonal life.
And actually, I find
that my personal life,
I have more fun if I'm
trying to make a difference.
>> LILOU: I remember the moment
where my heart reopened and how
all of a sudden it felt like
light was coming in my body.
And I remember opening my
arms, and it was here London
after a big suffering
of no more money.
It was like, [GASPS].
And there was this opening
of the heart that happened.
Physically I could feel that.
And there's this light and
this kind of new paradigm
that enters in, or even new air.
It feels like all our cells are
embedded with his new light.
What makes it happen?
It's like, how does this work?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: But
so interesting, dear Lilou,
that it had to be a crisis
that sort of did it.
Because the crisis allows us
to go deep into ourselves.
I remember in my
30s I had a crisis.
In my 30s, I was
living in California.
I did a lot of weightlifting,
and I kind of sort of
fancied myself as a real guy
and how many girls can Serge
get and everything.
And then in the
space of one week
my best friend died, most
of the money I had got
caught in something
and I lost it,
and I was diagnosed with a
life-threatening disease.
So suddenly I had
this suntanned body
that I'd worked out
with big muscles
to show off how great
I was to everyone.
One month later, I was
lying in hospital, thin
with tubes going into
me with no money.
And I thought, what
is going to happen?
I'm so angry with the world.
And I went deeper and
deeper into a black hole
of total emptiness, of despair.
There's no hope.
I'm going to die.
I don't have money.
Oh, yes, and my girlfriend
had also left me,
and she found me too pompous
and too stuck-up and more
interested in developing
big muscles than being
there for her.
And I went into
this crisis, Lilou,
and it lasted about five months.
And then I came out of it,
and I was a changed person.
I'd got a little
bit of humility.
I saw my ego, and I
saw that all this thing
of trying to push myself up
came out of my own insecurity.
So I had to journey
into my insecurity.
Why as a man am I trying
to have all these girls
and have these big muscles?
Because some part of me felt
small and inadequate and not
good enough.
So I had to journey
into that pain.
>> LILOU: And fit in too,
fit into the society.
Because over in California,
that's very much the body.
And in Europe, it will
be different criteria.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Well, this was
in the '70s in California,
and it sort of was that era
of, well, if I meet you and you
meet me and we like each other,
well, let's get it off, man.
It was the gestalt prayer.
So I was very much part of
that narcissistic culture.
But anyway, these losses
at all these levels, Lilou,
was a great gain for
me as a human being.
And I came out of it a
sort of changed person.
It took six months,
but I had to go
through the
purification of fire.
Because that is the thing
that I think purifies us.
It is the purification of fire.
>> LILOU: Is that some of
the things that you use
in your retreats or
in your sessions?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well, I
have some fire rituals in some
of my retreats where people
go and they want to get rid
of stuff in their life, like
a co-dependent relationship
or a stone somewhere.
And they go out into
nature, and they
gather a bundle of what
they'd like to let go of,
and then they throw it into the
fire, and they watch it burn.
And then they dance the dance
of how they'd like to be.
So I use a lot of
rituals like that,
because I trained as a
shaman a long time ago,
and so I try to
bring that in, when
I used to go around in feathers
and long hair and wear cloaks.
Now I'm sort of just a
shaman in a jacket now.
[CHUCKLES]
>> LILOU: I love the
heart and the Earth on it.
Why did you choose to put that?
Why is it the Earth
inside of this heart?
Why is it maybe not
just a red heart?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well,
because it's the universal
heart.
And so the heart is
surrounding the Earth.
So that's why.
>> LILOU: How would you put
it, the universal heart, then?
Where does it lie?
Where is it?
Where is it sitting?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Well, it's everywhere,
and it's nowhere.
It comes into being if we extend
our own hearts wide enough.
Then we give space for
the universal heart.
So it's like we need to
open enough to allow it in.
And that's our
evolutionary challenge,
to be universal, to open.
Like, in foreign policy--
I was thinking this
just the other day--
all countries operate
in what is their own interest.
America in the past, she'd
bully those countries
who got in her way.
So all the countries are trying
to do what works for them,
but this has to change.
There needs to be a foreign
policy where the superpowers,
where China and
Russia and America
and the European countries,
they need to work together.
I think this may be
beginning to happen.
And I think, although a lot
of people disagree with me,
I think it's very good that this
peace treaty that is happening
with Iran has involved
Russia and America and Iran
coming a little bit
closer together.
>> LILOU: Last little word
or sentence or message
or something that you really
feel would be delicious
to speak of to close this
conversation on awakening
the universal heart?
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: Well, the
last message I was going to say
is how lovely it is to speak
to a woman who is in her heart
and who has a beautiful smiling
face and who has devoted her
life to making a difference.
And it's a real enormous
pleasure and privilege
to be talking with you, Lilou.
That's the message
I want to give.
>> LILOU: Thank you, Serge.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: That's
the message I want to give.
>> LILOU: [LAUGHS]
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
And thank you to all beautiful
co-creators out there.
Big, big kisses from
beautiful, beautiful London.
>> LILOU: Rainy London.
I've just come from Majorca.
It's been beautiful
weather there.
It's rainy old London.
But there's still a
beauty in the rain.
It's OK.
>> LILOU: Yes.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
It's fine.
>> LILOU: I look forward to
meeting you next time under
the sun of Majorca.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: OK.
We'll do that.
>> LILOU: Big, big
kisses to all of you.
Much, much love.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS:
Much love.
>> LILOU: "Awakening
the Spiritual Heart."
Bye.
>> BEDDINGTON-BEHRENS: A
Guide to Spiritual Activists.
Bye.
>> LILOU: Bye bye.